Clarify sensitivity calculation behaviour (#6752)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/release-notes/6752.feature.rst

> # Made default `n_sigma_sensitivity` same as `n_sigma_ul`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapt default value for ``n_sigma_sensitivity`` to default to ``n_sigma_ul``.
```
